Dear colleagues of the EVA module Artificial Intelligence Seminar (and everyone who ended up here by accident), welcome to my personal blog. I am excited to share my first blog post with you.

During my bachelor's degree I touched the topic of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and started to dig deeper into the topic and I became really enthusiastic about it. I think that recent trends show us that it can have a big impact on our lives and can help us to improve certain things but it also gives rise to new challenges.

The field of AI is broad and has various applications nowadays. Recent discoveries like ChatGPT had already a big influence on humans and on the research in the AI field. Researchers frequently try to replicate results or discover new findings.
Right now, a lot of research is going on in the field of AI and one of the most important aspects in research is communication. It is important that one can present and communicate finding in a clear and concise way. I have little experience in writing about scientific findings and also in presenting them. Another important aspect is to critically analyze scientific work from other researchers. Therefore I hope to learn in this course how I can analyze scientific work from other people and also how to present or write about my own findings. My goal is that in the end of the course I am more confident in my communication skills when it comes down to scientific work.
Beside of these goals I also hope to discover interesting AI applications and to have a valuable exchange with my peers.

I hope you enjoyed my first blog post and that you will come back for the second one. I am looking forward to the posts of my colleagues.
